Add s3_force_path_style config arg to force s3 path-style addressing… (#1082)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/index.md

  # If not set, the default AWS generated endpoint will be used.
  # Can also be set with the AWS_ENDPOINT_URL environment variable.
  #endpoint_url = "http://localhost:4566"
  

>   # Set to `true` to force S3 requests to use path-style addressing,

Reviewer: Please remember to make any similar changes from `aws.spc` here as well

Author: Done

- `regions` - (Optional) List of AWS regions Steampipe will connect to. Can also be set with the `AWS_REGION` or `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION` environment variables, or the region specified in the active profile.
- `secret_key` - (Optional) AWS secret key. Can also be set with the `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environment variable.
- `session_token` - (Optional) Session token for validating temporary credentials. Can also be set with the `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` environment variable.

> - `s3_force_path_style`- (Optional) The only option to force AWS S3 client to use `path-style` addressing. By default, the S3 client will use virtual hosted bucket addressing when possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `s3_force_path_style`- (Optional) Specifies whether to use path-style addressing, i.e., `https://s3.amazonaws.com/BUCKET/KEY`, or virtual hosted bucket addressing, i.e., `https://BUCKET.s3.amazonaws.com/KEY`. By default, the S3 client will use virtual hosted bucket addressing when possible.
```

Author: Done

### IAM Access Key Pair Credentials

> сThe AWS plugin allows you set static credentials with the `access_key`, `secret_key`, and `session_token` arguments in your connection.

Author: Done
